Update docs to use/download smaller sized artifacts for cli installation which excludes plugin binaries (#1447)
vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework: docs/cli/getting-started.md

#### Recommended method to install plugins (with API-driven plugin discovery activated)

> With [v0.14.0](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/releases/tag/v0.14.0) release, more artifacts are getting published to allow users to download only the artifacts that are required for their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [v0.14.0](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/releases/tag/v0.14.0) release, the artifacts are better categorised and published to allow users to download and configure per recommended and alternate methods.
```

> With [v0.14.0](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/releases/tag/v0.14.0) release, the artifacts are better categorised and published to allow users to download and configure per recommended and alternate methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With [v0.14.0](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/releases/tag/v0.14.0) release, the artifacts are better categorized and published to allow users to download and configure per recommended and alternate methods.
```
```suggestion
With [v0.14.0](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/releases/tag/v0.14.0) release, the artifacts are better categorised and published to allow users to download and configure per recommended and alternate methods.
```

> The API driven plugin discovery feature is enabled as default method to install the plugins. So, most of the users will just need to install binary for Tanzu CLI. The plugins can be downloaded with `tanzu plugin sync` command. Learn more about this feature in the [design docs](../design/context-aware-plugin-discovery-design.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API driven plugin discovery feature is enabled as default method to install the plugins. So, most of the users will just need to install the Tanzu CLI binary. The plugins can be installed and configured with `tanzu plugin sync` command. Learn more about this feature in the [design docs](../design/context-aware-plugin-discovery-design.md).
```

> The API driven plugin discovery feature is enabled as default method to install the plugins. So, most of the users will just need to install the Tanzu CLI binary. The plugins can be installed and configured with `tanzu plugin sync` command. Learn more about this feature in the [design docs](../design/context-aware-plugin-discovery-design.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API driven plugin discovery feature is enabled as default method to install the plugins. So, most users will just need to install the Tanzu CLI binary. The plugins can be installed and configured with `tanzu plugin sync` command. Learn more about this feature in the [design docs](../design/context-aware-plugin-discovery-design.md).
```
```suggestion
The API driven plugin discovery feature is enabled as default method to install the plugins. So, most of the users will just need to install the Tanzu CLI binary. The plugins can be installed and configured with `tanzu plugin sync` command. Learn more about this feature in the [design docs](../design/context-aware-plugin-discovery-design.md).
```

##### macOS/Linux

> - Download the latest tanzu-cli from [release](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/releases/latest). (`tanzu-cli-darwin-amd64.tar.gz`,  `tanzu-cli-linux-amd64.tar.gz`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download the latest tanzu-cli tarball from [release](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/releases/latest) page (`tanzu-cli-darwin-amd64.tar.gz` or `tanzu-cli-linux-amd64.tar.gz`)
```

##### Windows

> - Download the latest tanzu-cli from [release](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/releases/latest). (`tanzu-cli-windows-amd64.zip`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download the latest `tanzu-cli-windows-amd64.zip` from [release](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/releases/latest) page
```
